content/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Troubleshooting AWS Serverless Applications with Lumigo"
chapter: true
weight: 1
---

# Troubleshooting AWS Serverless Applications with Lumigo
[![Lumigo](images/lumigo.png)](https://lumigo.io/)

### Welcome

Lumigo is a troubleshooting platform for serverless applications. With one-click distributed tracing, Lumigo lets developers effortlessly find & fix issues in serverless and microservices environments.

In this workshop you will learn how easy it can be to debug AWS serverless applications with Lumigo.


### Learning Objectives

- Create and deploy a demo application
- Integrate Lumigo with the demo application and view your application in Lumigo
- Use Lumigo to troubleshoot timeouts and business logic
- Identify slow dependencies and debug slow Lambda invocations
- Setting up alerts in Lumigo

### Expected Duration
- 2 Hours

### Who should take this workshop?

- Software Developers
- Infrastructure Engineers
- DevOps Engineers
- Solution Architects
- Site Reliability Engineers (SREs)
- Technical leads

### What we will cover in this workshop

- Deploying a full-stack application using the [Serverless framework](https://www.serverless.com/open-source/).
- One-click distributed tracing with Lumigo
- Troubleshooting Lambda timeout errors
- Troubleshooting errors in business logic
- Troubleshooting performance issues
- Configuring alerts in Lumigo

{{% notice warning %}}
<p style='text-align: left;'>
The examples and sample code provided in this workshop are intended to be consumed as instructional content. These will help you understand how various AWS services can be architected to build a solution while demonstrating best practices along the way. These examples are not intended for use in production environments.
</p>
{{% /notice %}}

Commit message:

Updating the structure to add new module for Containers

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Troubleshooting AWS Serverless Applications with Lumigo"
chapter: true
weight: 1
---

# Troubleshooting AWS Serverless Applications with Lumigo
[![Lumigo](images/lumigo.png)](https://lumigo.io/)

### Welcome

Lumigo is a troubleshooting platform for modern cloud applications. With one-click distributed tracing, Lumigo lets developers effortlessly find & fix issues in serverless and containerized environments.

In this workshop you will learn how easy it can be to debug AWS modern cloud applications with Lumigo.

### Who should take this workshop?

- Software Developers
- Infrastructure Engineers
- DevOps Engineers
- Solution Architects
- Site Reliability Engineers (SREs)
- Technical leads

### Expected Duration
- 1-2 Hours per module 

### Module 1: Learning Objectives

- Create and deploy a demo application utilizing [AWS Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/) and [Amazon DynamoDB](https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/)
- Integrate Lumigo with the demo application and view your application in Lumigo
- Use Lumigo to troubleshoot timeouts and business logic
- Identify slow dependencies and debug slow Lambda invocations
- Setting up alerts in Lumigo

### Module 2: Learning Objectives:

* Create and deploy a demo application with [Amazon ECS](https://aws.amazon.com/ecs/)
* Implement distributed tracing with Lumigo in one-click 
* Troubleshoot:
    * Intermittent failure on ECS using Lumigo 
    * Slow draining queues 
    * Bad health checks
* Using [Lumigo execution tags](https://docs.lumigo.io/docs/execution-tags) to identify, search and filter requests 
* Create AWS Cloudwatch metric alerts with Lumigo

{{% notice warning %}}
<p style='text-align: left;'>
The examples and sample code provided in this workshop are intended to be consumed as instructional content. These will help you understand how various AWS services can be architected to build a solution while demonstrating best practices along the way. These examples are not intended for use in production environments.
</p>
{{% /notice %}}
